---
layout: post
title:  "Lost Mines of Phandelver Week 9"
date:   2018-03-04 00:00:00 +0000
categories: [D&D, Games, Lost Mines of Phandelver]
author: Joe
voice: Gus
---
It’s going to be a while before I can get all the damp out of my clothes after all the lake water I’ve been wading in. <!-- more -->
Lucky for me I oil my gear on the regular so the rust should be kept at bay.
I’ve given Star and Sir some oil-cloths and tips on taking care of their own kit as well cos the gents were right there with me –
I think Star had a grand ‘ol time but Sir looked thoroughly miserable.
It was for a good cause though, we managed to catch a gang of bugbears and some Drow on the hop on 2 fronts;
Me, Star and Sir attacked from the West whilst Bree, Lycinda and her rat came in from the South.
The Drow went down like a sack of spuds in the first volley – I think we were all a little surprised as we expected more of a fight from a dark elf.
Apparently they ain’t so tough. The bugbears were another story; they just kept on coming!
Sir bit the dust twice, the second time he looked really bad but I managed to get him back on his feet.
Lycinda also took a pasting, I got her sorted and dusted off but the look she gave me bade me never mention it again.
I shan’t… except here and no-one is going to read this.
Star, though, that boy did a rather tidy flying tackle of a ledge and just completely annihilated a bugbear.
Good thing he was down there as well, Bree got knocked off her feet and swept off the same ledge moments later, right into his waiting arms.
You best believe we have not let them live that one down.

Despite the bugbears’ best efforts we found Cousin Nundro tied up in a small room just off a modest temple to Dumathoin.
Nundro told us that the Black Spider comes by daily to squeeze more information about the mines from Nundro so we hatched ourselves a plan.
See, we didn’t want to come at the Black Spider head-on so we had a thought to set an ambush for him.
It took a few hours of waiting but eventually that arse of a Drow came back to have a chat with my cousin – we waited until he got into the room and jumped him.
He didn’t stand a chance, I didn’t even get any licks in meself before he was done. A bit anti-climatic, if I’m being honest.
After all the rumours, the running around and the sock-puppets he’s now gone for good.

So, lads and lasses, the final scores:

* Redbrands have been disbanded
* Goblins routed
* Orcs have a dragon to contend with
* Dragon has a new hobby and hopefully won’t be coming back any time soon
* The zombie population has taken a mighty hit
* I’ve got some new tavern-tales to tell
* And I’ve also lost a cousin

We’ve been kept well in our cups by the townsfolk of Phandelin, I don’t think the inn has been closed for the last 2 days!
I’ve been having a chat with Gundren and Nundro and I reckon I’ll be staying for a while.
The mines still have some nasties hidden in the crannies that need to be cleared out, and I’ve heard talk of bandits on the trails so I reckon I can do some good here.
Plus it’ll be nice to work a mine with family again.

The others will be staying for a little bit whilst they sort out what they want to do next.
I’ll make certain they’ve always got a warm welcome when they’re in town and Bree has given me the name of a contact that can get a message to them.