---
layout: post
title:  "Letter 001 - Reply"
date:   2020-05-09 00:00:00 +0000
categories: [Games, D&D, Wildemount]
author: Neil
voice: Jayna
location: [Jigow, Bazzoxan, Rosohna]
---
My dear Vakgar,

It was lovely to hear from you and of your travels. I’m sorry for the slow response, apparently fine writing paper is not easy to come by here due to the humidity but my cousin helped by having a writing desk made for me which keeps the letters and paper in perfect condition - lovey purple wood that matches the interior of the house perfectly.<!-- more -->

I am sorry to hear about Gurgle and my thoughts are with Malu and I hope Zalithia gets the information she is looking for. Tell Squeaky to not run off and take risks I do worry about her. As for the puppies I think one got loose I don’t know where it is I have spent hours looking and had to warn the local Aurora Watch and they have taken all the other and sadly disposed of them, I hope it was humane I hate to think of them suffering I was going to raise them and see what there temperament was like. I cried for nearly an hour when they took them just stuffing them in a sack.

I have kept my eye on my task hands and they both seem to be on the level I have double checked their wagons and paperwork, and everything looks ok. Though to be honest I think Eert has a thing for Lars she keeps checking he's alright after his accident a few months back, she gets very jealous when you're talking to Lars on his own - its kinda cute.

Now look at me ramble got to get up early so I can send this before I open the livery.

With all my heart,

Jayna