---
layout: post
title:  "Letter 003"
date:   2020-05-20 00:00:00 +0000
categories: [Games, D&D, Wildemount]
author: Joe
voice: Vakgar
location: [Rosohna, Bazzoxan, Jigow]
---
Hello Jayna,

I'm glad to hear from you again, although the news of the puppies is most distressing.
I can, however, shed some unfortunate light on the circumstances of the missing puppy - Squeaky snuck it away 
when we were staying at yours. I don't think they meant any real mischief 
from it however I shall impress upon them the severity of the consequence of their actions and how 
much hurt it has caused you. Some small good has come of it; Squeaky has given the puppy to Malu 
to help lessen the pain of losing Gurgle, although as the puppy was not Squeaky's to give I am unsure 
what to do.<!-- more -->

Speaking of Squeaky, they have introduced us to a new travelling companion under fairly unusual circumstances.
I can't go into much detail in a letter but I shall fill you in next time I see you, but they seem a good fellow,
 if a little odd. They certainly have some useful skills.

We've finally made it to Rosohna and things haave been very busy here. I've completed the paperwork to be no longer
legally dead which should make further travel and business much smoother. There was even back-pay!
Unfortunately the back-pay was more than swallowed by past-due fees for my Father's mercenary guild who's passing I 
missed. As the last surviving member of the guild I am in the process of relaunching it -
there is so much paperwork involved in upkeep I do not know how the old man found time.

Zelithia has found some of the information she needs, while the news was not exactly good she does have some hope.

I will discuss with Squeaky a way of paying you back for the loss of the puppies, in the meantime please accept my 
deepest regrets at their passing.

Best of luck to you and yours, and I hope Eert finds what she wants.

Yours,

Cpt. V. Waccoh