---
layout: post
title:  "Letter 001"
date:   2020-04-20 00:00:00 +0000
categories: [D&D, Games, Wildemount]
author: Joe
voice: Vakgar
location: [Bazzoxan]
---
Hello Jayna,

We're arriving at Bazzoxan shortly. I didn't expect to write to you so soon but
the journey was more eventful than anticipated.

Long story short, I accidentally got Squeeky intoxicated on Spice.<!-- more -->
I don't want you to think I am that sort of fellow, it was an honest 
misunderstanding on my part!

We'd been assigned a cabin with a Gnoll - salty chap who had a rather profound 
aroma, such that I was not sure I would be able to sleep the night. I remembered
 a an old trick from the field expedition days of wrapping pungent herbs in 
fabric and holding them to the nose so I went to see the ship's cook to procure 
some.  
There appears to have been a miscommunication as the cook supplied me with 
*Spice*, rather than *spices*, and a pipe to smoke it in. I thought this might 
be a trick the cook had learned to deal with his shipmate's natural scent so I 
went along with it.

I'm not sure what the fuss is about - the smell did what I was hoping for but I 
did not discern any other effect on my person. Squeeky, however, took a funny 
turn then immediately fell asleep.  
The next day we mustered on deck and Squeeky came barrelling through like a 
penguin possessed and dove overboard. I went in after them (can't have a 
compatriot drown on my watch) but fortunately they can swim.

Ah, look at me drone on. I'll wrap this up - the Captain was furious when it all
 came to light and will put the cook off as soon as we dock. Otherwise the 
voyage was as uneventful as one would expect. Oh, we did see Manta Rays, they 
were quite graceful in the water.

Have you decided on what to do with the puppies? I'm certain you will make the 
best decision but I must admit to feeling sorrow should the outcome not be 
favourable to them.

I hope this missive finds you in a timely manner and good health.

Yours,

Sgt. V. Waccoh

P.S. As I am travelling, are there any items or materials you wish for me to 
aquire for you?