---
layout: post
title:  "Offering 137"
date:   2020-07-07 00:00:00 +0000
categories: [Games, D&D, EBAC]
author: Joe
voice: Lia
location: [Bergvorn]
---
My Queen,

I must apologise, a lapse in judgement has lead my travelling companions to learn too much - they have seen your face, though I do not think they realise what they beheld. I offer finding love letters of a summer romance that were thought long-since lost.

One of our number is a most interesting being - they were not born to parents, nor summoned from the Ether, but manufactured and given what appears to be consciousness. I cannot yet comprehend whether they have a soul and, if they do, would this soul be of interest to you? They certainly recall experiences and have learned skills during their existence. I would like to spend time examining the nature of this individual but your will in this will of course be honoured.<!-- more -->

We have travelled to Bergvorn to closer examine the origins of the afflicted creatures we encountered on the beach. There stands on consecrated ground a place of worship with a cleric ministering to a flock of malaised townsfolk. The sickness in them is novel to me but has an odor similar to the Underdark settlement from a decade ago. If a similar fate befalls this township then the citizens may already wish to be lost. The cleric is eager for us to leave and not for our own protection - I look forward to uncovering the secrets he is trying to keep. I must go now, the cleric is growing suspicious of my prayer and the ritual is nearing completion.

Your ever-faithful Collector,  
Lia