---
layout: post
title:  "Letter 004"
date:   2020-06-28 00:00:00 +0000
categories: [Games, D&D, Wildemount]
author: Joe
voice: Vakgar
location: [Rosohna, Bazzoxan, Jigow]
---
Hello Jayna,

I'm afraid I have some mixed news on the fortunes of our little group. We are all now members of the Dragonfall Guild inherited from my late Father which does give me a certain satisfaction. We've even completed some freelance contracts which has kept us in the black!  
Alas the last contract ended on a bad turn. I cannot divulge too much but we have lost a lot of autonomy so I feel we will be travelling often at the behest of our new paymasters.<!-- more -->

One of our contracts that I can discuss was the apprehension of a rather vicious bandit leader going by the rather vulgar name of 'Bonecrusher'.
There was a desperate moment where I thought I'd lost Zelithyia and our newest companion to a treacherous fall but Zelithia managed to slip fate once more and emerged victorious with our companion - I tell you, I have never been more glad to see a giant spider in my life!
I cannot overstate how impressed I am with her quick wit in that moment; both would surely have been lost without it.

Malu seems to be coping with the loss of Gurgle and is spending a great deal of time with the puppy - I'm afraid I don't have the heart to part them.

I am still looking for some way to repay you for your generosity and hospitality - I had hoped to find something suitable in Rosohna but I must admit I delayed too long and it now seems we shall be travelling again shortly.

How are affairs going in Jigow? Have the Watch given you any further cause for alarm?

Yours,

Cpt. V. Waccoh