---
layout: post
title:  "Report 002"
date:   2021-01-11 00:00:00 +0000
categories: [Games, D&D, Freehold]
author: Joe
voice: Ivan
---
### Objective:
Locate ARC records

### Location:
Whiteclaw Territory, The Dreggs, Freehold

### Outcome:
Pending
<!-- more -->

### Parties:

| Name 	| Status 	| Allegiance 	| Disposition 	| Notes 	|
|-	|-	|-	|-	|-	|
| Arc 	| Active 	| Crown 	| Self 	| Self 	|
| The Whiteclaws 	| Active 	| Self? 	| Antagonist<br>Likely involved in criminal enterprise<br>Protection rackets? 	| Northern section of The Dreggs<br>Hegemony of thugs/martial artists<br>Lead by Lady Whiteclaw - (left arm twisted into gnarled claw)<br>Very territorial, turned us away before we could look for fallen records room 	|
| The Wild Ones 	| Active 	| Self? 	| Unknown 	| Southern West section of The Dreggs<br>Failed wizards and mages 	|
| The Blighted 	| Active 	| Self? 	| Unknown 	| Southern East section of The Dreggs<br>Semi-religious cult/gang; dead wood (esp. of The World Tree) is spiritual to them 	|
| Guild of Seekers 	| Active 	| Crown 	| Swiftwind is well-disposed to us 	| Swiftwind has offered to do reconnaissance for us<br>- appears to be relatively highly-placed 	|
| Architects' Guild 	| Active 	| Crown 	| Professional 	| Directed me to Architects of the Overhang 	|
| Architects of the Overhang 	| Active 	| Crown 	| Provided access to records 	| Handle buildings on the Overhang<br>Buildings are normally condemned prior to their fall so materiel is removed prior to collapse<br>- No recovery missions into Dreggs<br>- ARC HQ is listed in records as having sections fall off, but no explosion or other circumstance noted 	|

### Summary:
In an attempt to retrieve ARC records we proceded into The Dreggs to locate any remnants of the records room that may have surviced the fall off The Overhang. We were ill-prepared for our first venture and were swiftly challenged by members of The Whiteclaws, a local gang of martial arts enthusiasts whose symbol is daubed on many buildings in the area. In attempt to diffuse the situation we retreated back to The Royal Way and, in an effort to better equip ourselves, we started gathering information that could help us a) locate the correct building remains to search and b) find a more subtle approach.

We found the following information:

* Architects of the Overhang
  * Buidings are normally condemned prior to their fall so materiel is removed prior to collapse
  * As such no recovery missions are made into The Dreggs
  * ARC HQ is listed in records as having sections fall off, but no explosion or other circumstance noted
    * Notes are very scant
    * *This does not match with what Nameless described and bears further investigation*
	* *On that note, Nameless has not been seen for a few days*
* Guild of Seekers
  * Ten-zing has asked for assitance in reconnoitering for the records room from Swiftwind
  * Swiftwind has agreed to assist
* Whiteclaw building we were using as landmark previously is likely ARC Rookery

More information to follow.

**N.B.** Ten-zing has been accused by the Guild of Gardeners of performing illegal gardening on Royal Grounds. As a challenge he as been asked to undertake the Trial of the Bud which involves attempting to keep a bud of The World Tree alive and flourishing for 1 week. From talking to a friendly gardener and research into Royal records it appears that this could place us in a rather precarious position between the Gardeners and the Circle of Verdant Tree druids who do not allow any others to interfere with The World Tree. The Circle is *not* part of the Crown so this could lead to a diplomatic issue which is beyond my skillset. Suggest that we apprise Sir Nackle of the situation.