---
layout: post
title:  "Offering 141"
date:   2021-02-01 00:00:00 +0000
categories: [Games, D&D, EBAC]
author: Joe
voice: Lia
---
My Queen,

My abject apologies for the delay in this offering to you, I hope the quality of experiences offered shall prove sufficient payment. Offered are recollections of a diaspora, indentured servitude, friends forgotten, companions gained, small victories against insurmountable odds and defeats from callous indifference. Into Your care I place these wanderers when their last step falls.<!-- more -->

My previous summation of my situation has born out to an extent, some of the experiences have been provided by other colleagues within the Efficient Beurocratic Adventuring Company - perhaps the exchange has eased their burden. However the details are more dire than I first thought as it is clear that the expectations of the Efficient Beurocratic Adventuring Company involve dealing with the undead.  
Our last 'job' was to assist a Mummy-Lord's return to the afterlife on behalf of her undead servants, assistance that was grudgingly rendered. The whole ordeal left a filthy taste in my mouth, the only consolation I can offer is that it appears we were successful and the undead should return to their correct place in relatively short order.  
Warnings from the new colleagues indicate that a great many of our tasks will relate to the undead, I just hold hope that I shall be grnated sufficient opportunity to dispatch them and the cause for their dislocation with haste.

Your ever-faithful Collector,  
Lia