---
layout: post
title:  "Report 003"
date:   2021-01-25 00:00:00 +0000
categories: [Games, D&D, Freehold]
author: Joe
voice: Ivan
---
### Objective:
~~Reclaim condemned Alchemists Guild property "Hall Red 3"~~  
Retrieve Vaselnor's journal from Hall Red 3

### Location:
Fishpoint, Freehold

### Outcome:
~~Pending~~  
Hall Red 3 secured for Guild of Alchemists  
Journal retrieved and secured in ARC HQ  
Journal being tracked by Blood Ooze incursion  
<!-- more -->

### Parties:

| Name 	| Status 	| Allegiance 	| Disposition 	| Notes 	|
|-	|-	|-	|-	|-	|
| Arc 	| Active 	| Crown 	| Self 	| Self 	|
| Guild of Alchemists 	| Active 	| Crown 	| ~~Slightly poor<br>Potential for resuming good relations~~<br>Professional relations resumed 	| POC Jorgen Poss<br>~~Completing priority requests as show of good faith to rebuild reputation~~<br>Relations improved with reclamation of Hall Red 3<br>Guild is not aware of recovery of Vaselnor's Journal<br>Researchers summoned Shoth trying to recreate Vaselnor's reported immortatility/invulnerability 	|
| Jubilex	| Active<br>(Other plane) 	| Self? 	| Antagonist	| "Hungering Ooze, Father of All Oozes"<br>Possible motives:<br>- Seeking Knowledge<br>- Access to material plane<br>Has followers/vassals/servants 	|
| Shoth, the Red Reach 	| Inactive<br>Deceased?	| - Jubilex<br>- Underlake community (discontinued?) 	| Antagonist 	| Blood Ooze<br>(Accidentally) summoned by Alchemists<br>Found bound to Vaselnor's Journal<br>Promises knowledge and power in exchange for fealty to Jubilex<br>See notes on Vaselnor's Journal 	|
| ~~Unknown~~<br>Servants of Jubilex 	| ~~Unknown~~<br>Potentially Active (Diminished) 	| ~~Unknown~~<br>Jubilex 	| ~~Unknown~~<br>Antagonist 	| ~~Unknown event or entity at Hall Red 3~~<br>Oozes<br>Responsible for at least 10 disappearances/deaths<br>- See additional notes for known victims<br>Prelim. observations:<br>- Ability to mimic victims' appearance/retain knowledge<br>- Resistant to fire<br>- Can eject acid<br>- Susceptible to cold?<br>Extremely dangerous in ambush<br>Primary motivation:<br>- re-acquiring Journal<br>Recommend that Missing Persons reports are monitored for unusual sightings 	|
| Underlake Community /<br>People of the Lake 	| Active 	| - King of Underlake<br>- Prince of Underlake<br>- Shoth (discontinued?) 	| Neutral-positive 	| Lake Trolls and other species unknown<br>POC Zariel<br>ARC has arranged potion delivery (see notes)<br>Further communication can be requested<br>- item: Bone Whistle<br>Clandestine<br>Fear persecution<br>Recommend observation (distance)<br>Recommend maintaining agreement as long as beneficial 	|
| Zariel 	| Active 	| - Underlake Community<br>- King of Underlake?<br>- Prince of Underlake?<br>- Shoth (discontinued?) 	| Neutral-positive 	| Previously provided ooze material to Shoth<br>Assisted in removing Ooze infestation<br>Provided Bone Whistle<br>Some shapeshifting abilities<br>Some glamor magics 	|
| King of Underlake 	| Unknown to ARC<br>Potentially missing 	| Unknown 	| Unknown 	| Previously resided on Oer'sky Island? 	|
| Prince of Underlake 	| Active 	| Unknown 	| Unknown 	| Currently resides on Oer'sky Island<br>Encountered by Ten-zing and Al<br>Threatened death to ARC employees for trespass and theft<br>- Let Al and Ten-zing leave island<br>Winged Serpentine form<br>Electrical power? 	|

#### Additional Notes:

Guild of Alchemists:
* Previous contract with ARC for mutual services
* Set of unresolved job requests following collapse of original ARC
* Cover story is Journal was destroyed during altercation with Blood Ooze infestation

Servants of Jubilex/Oozes:
* Shoth the Red Reach summoned 8 years 11 months ago
* Victims include:
  * 5x on-premise Alchemist staff
    * Head Researcher - Duncan Oblerbroen
	* 3x Assistants inc. Volch (Half-Orc)
	* Receptionist - Sybil
  * 2x Alchemist members sent to investigate
  * 2x Royal Guards, 1x Inspector sent to investigate
  * 1x Half-Elf passenger of cablecar
  * 1x family of 3 (assumed)

Underlake Community:
* There is/was a King of Underlake, implication is that the King is currently missing/away
* Prince of Underlake (son?) currently resides in King's previous premises
* Internal plotics/dynamics unknown
* ARC has arranged for 3x potions of Disguise Self per month to be made available to Zariel's people from Alchemists in exchange for coin
  * Alchemists believe deal is with ARC only
* Initial exchanges give the impression that the Underlake Community wish to remain unknown to Fishpoint residents and fear persecution
* Continued relations could be a discreet source of information and assistance in future

### Summary:
ARC had a mutual aid contract with the Guild of Alchemists prior to ARC's collapse, with Jorgen Poss as the Point of Contact. Subsequent to the collapse Jorgen has sent multiple requests for ARC jobs that have been unfulfilled - as a sign of good faith we will complete the priority requests.

Hall Red 3 was infested with sentient Oozes that appeared to seek to extend the power/reach/knowledge of Jubilex, described as 'The Hungering Ooze, Father of All Oozes'. During initial investigation of the building we encountered an Ooze disguised as the Receptionist Sybil, as well as had a discussion through a closed door with an Ooze pretending to be Head Researcher Duncan Oblerbroen - both were able to participate in conversation but occasionally gave uncanny answers.  
On making entry into the main research lab we encountered a sentient Blood Ooze (Shoth) in the service of Jubilex and of considerable size that attempted to offer us power in exchange for freedom. It is possible that a similar offer was made to the original Alchemists but this is personal speculation. Regardless, it appears that all persons present in the Hall have been killed/absorbed by the oozes.  
Shoth was contained in what appears to be a purpose-built cold room; this alongside our successful freezing and dismantling of the ooze indicates the creature is vulnerable to freezing temperatures. Attacks with heat, whilst successful, were not as effective.  
Vaselnor's Journal appears to have been an anchor point that Shoth was unwilling or unable to physically part with. The Journal has been removed from the remains of the ooze and taken back to ARC HQ for safekeeping due to it's dangerous nature and proven demonic potential. *See attached documentation for containment measures.*  
The Guild of Alchemists have been told that the Journal was destroyed.  
The primary infestation has been cleared however at least some ooze entity(ies) are known to have been existing outside of the Hall as we were attacked on a cablecar from Fishpoint to Freehold by oozes taking the appearance of Volch (one of the Alchemist Lab Assitants) as well as a young family of 3 (see Guild of Wires report for damage and rescue). These have been neutralised but it is unknown whether others remain and if more will be created. Regrettably a Half-Elf civilian was killed by the oozes in the fight on the cablecar - the Royal Guard have been informed.

ARC has a tentative deal with Zariel on behalf of at least some of the Underlake community. The Underlake community seems to be very suspicious and keen to remain as unknown as possible, motivations at this point are unknown however initial contact was *relatively* benign given the circumstances. An ongoing relationship may be beneficial, although as the politics and intentions of the Underlake community are unknown to ARC at this time caution is advised.

#### Reclaim condemned Alchemists Guild property "Hall Red 3"
**Hall Red 3 has been successully reclaimed for the Guild of Alchemists from Blood Ooze infestation**  
The property itself is of less importance, the real objective is to recover Vaselnor's journal.  
Discretion required.  
Information so far:

* Hall Red 3
  * Restricted project research
  * Edge of Fishpoint, over water on stilts
  * 2 storey building
  * 175' x 95'
  * 5 permanent staff, 3 living on-site, 2 commuting
    * Head Researcher - Duncan Oblerbroen
	* 3x Assistants
	* Clerc/Receptionist - Sybil
  * Researching Vaselnor's journal
  * 8 years 11 months ago this hall stopped shipping goods and supplying research
  * 2x Guild Members were sent to check-in with researchers, neither returned
  * Watch went to investigate
    * 2x Guards and 1x Investigator went in, didn't returned
	* Some number remained outside, returned unscathed but no knowledge of what happened to other members
  * Observers noticed activity within (lights turning on/off etc.) but no figures or clear view of details
  * Theorised that either some dangerous creature has taken residence or some experiment went wrong
  * **Note: all members appear to have been consumed by Ooze(s) that appear to be able to mimic appearance and knowledge of victims.  
    Further sightings of victims should be approached with extreme caution**


* Vaselnor
  * Previous Head Researcher for Hall Red 3
  * Expelled for unsanctioned dangerous research
    * Demons?
	* *Personal note: if there is Demonic involvement, look for signs of Rian*
  * Deceased or disappeared
  * Research journal discovered sometime after disappearance
  * Hall Red 3 continuing research from journal prior to 'event'
  * Journal
    * Red book
	* Tattered round one edge
	* Cover is permanently slimey
	* Recommend caution whilst handling
	* Poss has instructed that the journal is not to be opened

#### Procure harder-to-find alchemical supplies


**N.B.** We have travelled to Fishpoint to test Ten-zing's theory that 'Buddy' the World Tree bud may grow better outside of the shadow of its progenitor. This theory has not yet *born fruit* but Ten-zing continues his efforts. Perhaps gaining standing with The Gardeners may allow ARC access to plants that the Guild of Alchemists seek.  
Addendum: Ten-zing's initial theory did not pan out but apparently Buddy feeds well from Chi that Ten-zing willingly supplies. Buddy looks unusual, more energetic than a typical plant.

Myself and Mr. Wizardman have taken an introductory course in Alchemy whilst in Fishpoint. The course was rudimentary but I can see a common methodolgy with the basics of Artificery - not quite as intricate as Artificing, of course, but interesting nonetheless. I may seek to continue instruction in this field to see whether I can incorporate some new thought-processes into my work. Mr. Wizardman appears less taken with the practice.

Ten-zing and Al appear to have had an encounter with some sentient creature in the Pine Forest Island on Oer-sky Lake. They have returned unscathed but a little rattled.  
Additional Information: Zariel advised that the creature is the Prince of Underlake, son of the King (missing?). Caution advised.

In the process of fighting the oozes from the cablecar a number of both mine and Ten-zing's personal possesions were destroyed by acid. As we were operating under ARC business, can we claim compensation? Attached is a list of my personal losses.

* Travel Glassblower's tools
* Light hammer
* Dagger
* Light Crossbow & Bolts
* Thieves' Tools
* Backpack
* Crowbar
* Rope
* Pitons
* Waterskin
* Coin (~70GP)
* Clothing