---
layout: post
title:  "Letter 006"
date:   2021-01-24 00:00:00 +0000
categories: [Games, D&D, Wildemount]
author: Joe
voice: Vakgar
location: [Zadash, Felderwin, Ashguard Garrison, Rosohna, Bazzoxan, Jigow]
---
Hello Jayna,

I am very sorry for not writing to you earlier, our new employees moved a lot faster than I expected. We've recently returned from an excursion abroad to repatriate stranded citizens and I have a dread thought that our activities may have had some hand in the announcement of war. May whichever Gods watch over us let cooler heads prevail.<!-- more -->

It appears that the time for circumspection is behind us so I'd like for you to hear of what we did first hand - all we were tasked to do, and all that we did, was to return a trio of newly Consecuted back to the Dynasty from within the Dwendalian Empire. I've not really had much dealings with Consecuted before but as I understand it the process can be hard on the ... surrogate? ... families and, with the political tensions as they were, it was decided a small and quiet extraction was best.  
Well, best-laid plans and all, our contact within the city was unmasked before we arrived and, whilst we did manage to escort the children safely to Kryn lands, we were harried and hunted all the way back. We did not draw first blood, though, and we never killed a single person - hells, we even saved some!

Thinking back, there was one curious thing that the imposter-contact (a suprisingly honourable gentleman named Dar'row) mentioned - apparently the neighbourhood where we picked up the 3 Consecuted had a spate of missing children prior to our arrival. In all the commotion this snippet slipped my mind until just now, maybe this is why our attempts to work unnoticed seemed so futile.

I hope this letter finds you well and preparing for the coming days - whilst we can hope that outright war can be avoided I fear it is nigh inevitable and your location may be of some strategic importance. I implore you to make whatever arrangments you can to ensure your safety.

Yours,

Cpt. V. Waccoh